<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="handbrake">
      <title>Using the hand brake</title>
    <shortdesc>The hand brake engages the rear wheel brake shoes to keep the vehicle stationary when
        you are not driving. Use the hand brake when you have parked the vehicle or when you are
        stopped on a steep hill.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Felicity Brand</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2014"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>This documentation project is free to redistribute and modify under the terms of the GNU General Public License Version 3. See the GNU General Public License or licence.txt for more details.</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2014-06-09"/>
        </critdates>
   <metadata> <keywords> <indexterm>brakes</indexterm> <indexterm>controls</indexterm></keywords> </metadata>
  </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>The vehicle must come to a complete stop before you engage the hand brake.</prereq>
        <context>
            <p>The handbrake is a lever located next to the driver's seat. It engages the rear wheel
                brake shoes to keep the vehicle stationary. You can also use the handbrake when
                driving, for example, when stopped on a steep hill it will prevent the vehicle from
                rolling backwards before the forward gear engages.</p>
        </context>
        
        <steps-informal id="steps_o2z_m34_j4">
            <p> To apply the brake, pull the lever upwards until it holds. The lever is on a <term keyref="ratchet">ratchet</term>. You will feel
                increasing tension as you pull upwards.</p>
            
            <p>To release the brake, pull the lever slightly upward to take the load. Press and hold
                the ratchet release button on the tip of the lever with your thumb, then push the
                lever fully downwards. </p>
        </steps-informal>
     </taskbody>
</task>
